# Introduction
This solution contains projects that have been generated using tooling licenced by [YouGen Software, LLC](https://yougensoft.com). These projects are intended to be used by technology professionals as a highly robust bootstrap ecosystem with the following nonexhaustive list of primary use-cases:
* Rapid platforming/re-platforming/modernizing of database-centric, web-scale software ecosystems
* Platform implementing using principles of [Clean Architecture](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/architecture/modern-web-apps-azure/common-web-application-architectures)
* Provisioning modular workflows for high testability and automation plugability
* Setting team-wide, strategic architecture and development standards
* Unifying solution platforms and consolidating costs and efforts under a fully DotNet ecosystem
* Annihilating proof-of-concept development timelines
* Reducing bugs and defects
* Increasing strategic team coding cohesiveness and opinionating stylistic preferences
* Upskilling dev teams through robust, fully-functional, instantly runnable coded solutions
* Supercharging ongoing dev team productivity through eliminating time spent on scaffolding, prototyping, and CRUD coding
* Refocusing creative technology professionals on core, proprietary, valuable business logic creation
* Reducing multiplicity of user interface development costs costs through [Blazor Webassembly](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/?view=aspnetcore) driven, unified Web/Mobile/Desktop development platform with maximum code reuse.
# Licensing
This solution, its constituent projects, and all contained files are subject to the [conditions-of-use agreement](https://www.yougensoft.com/en/conditions-of-use) for the Professional Tier of service and is licensed to:
**** This file and its contents were generated by YouGen Sharp on (UTC) 20230307200541 on behalf of: ****
**** You Gen Software LLC ****
**** 5961 BeaconPark St ****
**** Lithia Florida 33547 United States of America ****
**** whose account is uniquely identified by: 716881407 ****
**** This file and its contents are subject to the conditions of use for the Professional Tier License as specified at: https://www.yougensoft.com/en/conditions-of-use. ****
**** This comment block must not be removed. ****
# Contained Projects
* Northwind_BackEndSqlEntities - This contains object relational models used for interacting with the target database objects.
* Northwind_BackEndDatabaseClient - This contains CRUD repositories which encompass the indexed query patterns for the target database.
* Northwind_BackEndDatabaseClientTests - This contains scoped integration tests corresponding to the CRUD repositories in the previous project.
* Northwind_BackEndCommon - This contains common request handler classes and indirect referencing workflow logic shared by all server projects.
* Northwind_BackEndCommonTests - This contains unit tests for the request handler methods in the previous project.
* Northwind_Common - This contains indirect reference models used to communicate between front-end client and back-end server projects.
* Northwind_CommonTests - This contains static and dynamic indirect reference model hydrators for use with unit and scoped-integration tests.
* Northwind_BackEndHttpServer - This contains the server and controller classes comprising the RESTful HTTP server.
* Northwind_BackEndSignalRWebsocketServer - This contains the server and hub classes comprising the realtime websocket server.
* Northwind_BackEndCoreWCFServer - This contains server and service contract classes comprising the SOAP server.
* Northwind_FrontEndHttpClient - This contains restful http client classes used for interacting with the RESTful HTTP server.
* Northwind_FrontEndHttpClientTests - This contains scoped integration tests for the restful http client class methods.
* Northwind_FrontEndSignalRWebsocketClient - This contains hub client classes used for interacting with the realtime websocket server.
* Northwind_FrontEndSignalRWebsocketClientTests - This contains scoped integration tests for the realtime websocket client class methods.
* Northwind_FrontEndCoreWCFClient - This contains service contract client classes used for interacting with the SOAP server ** (after running the dotnet-svcutil batch script).
* Northwind_FrontEndCoreWCFClientTests - This contains scoped integration tests for the service contract client class methods ** (must be added to solution after running the dotnet-svcutil batch script in the previous project).
* Northwind_FrontEndJSCommon - This contains Javascript/JSON analogies for indirect reference models/entities and their corresponding restful HTTP and realtime websocket clients.
* Northwind_FrontEndJSCommonTests - This contains Javascript/JSON analogies for indirect reference model/entity static and dynamic hydrators.
* Northwind_FrontEndMudBlazorWebassembly - This contains shared component/razor classes constituting the shared user interface for the below projects.
* Northwind_FrontEndMauiClient - This contains the desktop/mobile Dotnet MAUI application project that consumes the previous component/razor library.
* Northwind_FrontEndHostedWebClient - This contains the hostable, precompilable web application project that consumes the previous component/razor library.
# Further Information
Refer to the nested ReadMe.md files in each project for more information about each project.
